README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋

- 🔭 I’m currently working as Software Development Engineer at Netcracker Technology, Deep learning researcher at at Computational Intelligence lab in IISc Banglore. 
- I'm pursuing my M.Tech (Data science Engineering) from Birla Institute of Technology, Pilani.
- I completed my Bachelors in Electrical and Electronics Engineering from VCE, Osmania University. And Technology Entrepreneurship Programme  from Indian School of Business, Hyderabad
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on research in Probabilistic Graphical Models, Graph Neural Networks, Speech & Audio Analysis, Computer Vision, Human Computer Interaction, Humanoids, Electric Vehicles 
- 💬 Ask me about ... Research, AI, DL, ML
- 📫 How to reach me: ... srimouli04@yahoo.co.in / 📫 How to reach me: DM me on [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/srimouli/).
- 😄 Pronouns: ... he/him

<br />
<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=srimouli04&layout=compact&hide=tsql&show_icons=true" />
<br />

Commit message:

update from Mtech to Masters

README.md, after:

### Hi there 👋

- 🔭 I’m currently working as Software Development Engineer at Netcracker Technology, Deep learning researcher at at Computational Intelligence lab in IISc Banglore. 
- I've completed my Masters in Data science Engineering from Birla Institute of Technology, Pilani, Rajasthan, India.
- I completed my Bachelors in Electrical and Electronics Engineering from VCE, Osmania University. And Technology Entrepreneurship Programme  from Indian School of Business, Hyderabad
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on research in Probabilistic Graphical Models, Graph Neural Networks, Speech & Audio Analysis, Computer Vision, Human Computer Interaction, Humanoids, Electric Vehicles 
- 💬 Ask me about ... Research, AI, DL, ML
- 📫 How to reach me: ... srimouli04@yahoo.co.in / 📫 How to reach me: DM me on [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/srimouli/).
- 😄 Pronouns: ... he/him

<br />
<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=srimouli04&layout=compact&hide=tsql&show_icons=true" />
<br />
